well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna go down the
rabbit hole into the wonderful world of
journalism in the process you are going
to get a complete timeline of the Biden
Ukraine event so some of you are going
to get to see me like you have never
seen me before I've made videos like
this in the past they have normally
stayed within the journalist community
then accused of pushing other
journalists under the bus when I make
these videos some of you need to step
back from the curb okay I need to start
off by saying I don't think that Biden
is the strongest choice for the
Democratic Party that's what's called a
disclosure notice if you are attempting
to pass something off as objective and
you have a bias you should disclose it
to your readers or your viewers that is
journalism 101 what is also journalism
101 is what's in your deck those that
have forgotten that's that first
paragraph that first little short thing
answer some questions who what when
where and why write your headline often
takes care of the who and the what bow
lost it that would be a good one for
this the Dateline will take care of the
wind sometimes but if you're doing
investigative journalism you need to be
more clear because you're talking about
stuff in the past that's why you often
have articles that start off with
something like late Thursday night bow
lost it releasing a video on the
internet because he feels that
journalists have abandoned long-standing
practices one sentence who what when
where and why
so with the Biden Ukraine thing let's
just jump straight in to win let's go
there most people know the where Ukraine
and the who and the what kind of maybe
let's go to the win because once you lay
this out and if you were going to write
an article about this the timelines
really important you'll learn some
things when you lay out the timeline
when did the investigation into this
energy company start 2012 2012 when did
Biden's son get his do-nothing job with
the board of directors of this energy
company April of 2014
two pieces of the timeline in place and
all of a sudden that narrative is
getting real shaky
the investigation into Biden's son
started two years before he got there
well that's crazy talk maybe it's
because it wasn't an investigation into
Biden's son it was an investigation into
the oligarch that owned the company he
just happened to sit on the board of
directors at the time they were trying
to put together this star-studded board
of directors and in cases like that a
lot of companies do it
those people have nothing to do with the
daily operations of the company which
means they wouldn't be implicated in
anything which means Vice President
Biden would have no reason to stop an
investigation but let's continue because
there's some other things in 2015 Shokan
this is the guy that gets fired
he becomes prosecutor general okay and
he inherited that investigation and it
remained dormant nothing was being done
on it just sat there nothing happened
the West in 2015 it becomes concerned
about corruption in Ukraine a lot of it
focusing on this prosecutor general it's
not just behind it's not just the Obama
administration it's not just the u.s.
it's most European powers the IMF the
u.s. basically every major Western power
because remember that whole euro Maidan
thing went on we're trying to cement
ties context something you should
include for your readers
so all of that's going on and they're
worried about corruption and this
prosecutor is enabling corruption it's
the way the West sees it so they want
him gone
everybody's making Appeals to get rid of
him Biden in December of 2015 shows up
and he becomes the hammer okay
he's the one that finally gets him gone
now there's that footage that clip of
how that's locker room talk that's not
actually how it went down but you know
what let's say that it is okay let's
just roll with it he said it he can own
it the reality that goes along with his
gunboat diplomacy is that it was a
bipartisan effort within the United
States to get rid of this guy to deal
with the corruption in Ukraine don't
believe me Google something called the
Senate Ukraine caucus you're gonna find
a whole bunch of Republican senators who
signed off on this he was a tool of
foreign policy at this point that's what
happened now March 2016 that general
prosecutor he gets canned he's gone a
new prosecutor is appointed do you know
what he does with that dormant
investigation that thing that nothing
had been happening on he reopens it
Biden switching prosecutors reopened the
investigation into the company that his
son was sitting on the board of
directors of this narrative doesn't make
a whole lot of sense guys that seems a
little odd seems a little odd and given
the dismissed
prosecutors propensity for corruption
would have made a whole lot more sense
of Biden just wanted to pay him off
right rather than get rid of them risk
getting a new one who might reopen the
investigation it's almost like Biden
Vice President Biden understood that as
a member of a board of directors of this
type there's no way you'd be implicate
and guess what the new prosecutor found
out nothing on hunter Biden nothing
these are the established facts this is
the established story these are the
facts as we know it does that mean
that's where the story has to end and it
always has to be this no of course not
you know the first tagline at the fifth
column was we write the first draft of
history because it's expected to change
as more evidence comes out but if you
want to tackle an established narrative
of this sort after this long do you know
what you need evidence physical evidence
call logs emails something exciting an
anonymous source off of freedom Eagle
baru is not journalism it's not evidence
it's innuendo it's propaganda it's
something that requires a disclosure
notice because you haven't been able to
set your biases aside and yes I am aware
that this prosecutor who was dismissed
he said that he has evidence on hunter
bite and that that's the reason he got
fired but he hasn't released it huh all
this time and all this time he hasn't
released that's crazy it's crazy it's
almost like he's just saying that
because hunter Biden's dad he got him
fired
seems like motive to me there's a whole
lot of people right now going well why
hasn't the news talked about this if
this is true well the news did talk
about it where do you think the footage
of Biden came from I know the
conservatives like to hold on to the
past
the news doesn't the news focuses on
current events and they'll go back if
they have to address something
the problem is now the news is having to
spend a whole lot of time going back to
clear up garbage reporting and that's
what this is unless there is physical
evidence that you can present there's no
story nothing this is these are the
established facts this is what we know
you need evidence to change this and it
might be out there I personally think
that leasing out your name to a board of
directors I think that's Shady I would
say that it's probably unethical I think
it's something that probably should be
illegal but it's not but given the fact
that he did something I consider shady
maybe he did do something anything but
you need evidence not a new window
anyway so there's a timeline and there's
a little crash course in how journalism
is supposed to work and for those of you
who wonder why I have stopped writing as
much as I used to
tired of cleaning up after you anyway
it's just a thought they'll have a good
night unless you're under a boss I guess